This directory is mostly going to contain stubs as well as some headers that
will eventually evolve into our proper netmod. It will probably be the UCR
netmod by then, but for now it will just be a location to put mvp specific
header files that we are going to use to override certain ucx/ofi
functionality. All of our implementation should be done here, and anything we
need to force onto those external netmods should be done by adding includes or
macros from here. 

To override functionality included in the basic netmod we create the
`mvp/netmod_override.h` file. This is included at the end of
`src/mpid/ch4/netmod/include/netmod_impl.h` to unset and override any
functionality as needed. We tamper with a few files more directly through the
AC_SUBSTR calls in the `ch4/subconfigure.m4` module but since we will only
support one netmod at once for now that should be mostly irrelevant. ALL new
includes should be added through the `netmod_override.h` header so that they are
easy to move/replace. For now the only "pre" functionality we needed was comm,
so that is included directly. Howver, we should probably define a "pre" override
header too and include comm as a part of that. 

The following CH4 files that don't belong to us have been tampered with and will
need to have changes reverted as we are able to make our designs channel
independent and migrate to a proper mvapich netmod: 

src/mpid/ch4/include/mpidpre.h (Added MPIDI_MVP_LEGACY_COMM_DECL to dev)
src/mpid/ch4/include/netmodpre.h.in (#include mvp_pre.h - all pre functionality)
src/mpid/ch4/netmod/include/netmod_impl.h (#include coll overrides)
src/mpid/ch4/subconfigure.m4 (Add the correct configurations)
src/mpid/ch4/netmod/Makefile.mk (Add our makefile stub)

Netmod particular files edited: 
src/mpid/ch4/netmod/ofi/ofi_capability_sets.h (Add OPX detection)
src/mpid/ch4/netmod/ofi/globals.c (Add OPX capability entry)
